very good to all and welcome one day
more to my channel to the clan of rose game and
welcome to a news ww 2016
As you can see in the title, they have been confirmed
six new superstars for the
next game of ww one of them is already
I brought it in a video that had been
previously confirmed but now it
confirm with the render included that photo
where good will be the official photo of
fighter for the game as you know from
Yesterday
before these last days so to speak
because I do not know when he's saying this
video this week of June 15 will
is celebrating the e3 in the angels the
biggest videogame fair where the
companies usually present their
new titles with news and others and
good unlike last year's 2k
he had his lecture if I did not
I'm wrong this year in the absence of surprises
Does not have it
well then up double-double removes
those doubts that could present some
type of trailer and others but good we
surprise with this this article that have
put on the official website of the
ww commenting on these six new
superstars that I will comment on
Then I really expected
a lecture by 2k
know something more and
more than names I mean a kind of
trailer or even a teaser a small
teaser a something new advance
well I think something will say no to regret
that they do not have their own conference and if
by surprise they get it to have hope
I look forward to the truth and good
the superstars are the following
first confirmed the world champion of
the vdw set rollings second daniel bryan
third
the lunatic ding ambrós good I think
that are three pretty
clear that they were going to be and I think that
this despite the news last
fighter could have been saved
because they are fighters that you already know
that are going to be you know it 's as if in the
fifa announce that the barça will be
of madrid and bilbao etcetera is not
something that you already assume is obviously going to
be be rollings obviously later
in the bryant obviously this will be
man you see on the screen bandnews
barrel that is this one I brought it in a
last video
we've already been four the fifth is a live
and it is about page that binds to some
divas already confirmed for the game that
have previous videos I recommend you
look at the playlist of
2016 news and the last one is about
the novelty and that of fighter the next and
end value where good increases that face
of next and that the fans and the
own video game players and nothing
guys little more than comment we hope
to show us something else during this 3
even though they do not have
own conference but I think that
some information will come out and now
guys I say goodbye to leave a comment
a like and a subscription about everything
I hope you enjoyed the news
what do you think of her what do you expect?
before three and if not you would like
simply that they will announce you to
your next game of 2k 16 a single
of all and until the next video chao
bye